Initial folder layout to allow further commits (#3)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp-contrib: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: bug
---

> **Describe your environment** Describe any aspect of your environment relevant to the problem, including your platform, build system, version numbers of installed dependencies, etc. If you're reporting a problem with a specific version of a library in this repo, please check whether the problem has been fixed on master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe your environment** Describe any aspect of your environment relevant to the problem, including your platform, build system, version numbers of installed dependencies, etc. If you're reporting a problem with a specific version of a library in this repo, please check whether the problem has been fixed on main branch.
```

Author: Need to fix this for .NET too :) !

Reviewer: .NET is correct since it hasn't yet migrated to main branch.
